First cut of editorial changes in prep for aggregation flow (#219)
abetterinternet/ppm-specification: draft-gpew-priv-ppm.md

  leader's endpoint MUST be the first in the list. The order of the
  `encrypted_input_shares` in a `Report` (see {{uploading-reports}}) MUST be the
  same as the order in which aggregators appear in this list.
* `max_batch_lifetime`: The maximum number of times a batch of reports may be
  used in collect requests.
* `min_batch_size`: The minimum number of reports that appear in a batch.
* `min_batch_duration`: The minimum time difference between the oldest and
  newest report in a batch. This defines the boundaries with which the batch
  interval of each collect request must be aligned. (See
  {{batch-parameter-validation}}.)

> * A unique identifier for the VDAF being used for the task.

Reviewer: I think we need a bit more than this. Suppose that a PPM task executes [`Prio3Aes128Histogram`](https://github.com/divviup/libprio-rs/blob/1bd54185d01110ff4486b8d71ed8f17f1ea77b78/src/vdaf/prio3.rs#L123). Besides that label, everyone also needs to know what the bucket boundaries are. Perhaps the PPM text should refer to VDAF's description of a [`Measurement` type](https://github.com/cjpatton/vdaf/blob/6904d4a6295da82daf7ecd09c094326db4fb8ccd/draft-patton-cfrg-vdaf.md?plain=1#L404)?

Author: I think this needs to be "something that fully defines the VDAF instance you're using, modulo the parameters generated from VDAF.setup() (since those change per invocation)," so I elaborated on this a bit.

> * A unique identifier for the VDAF being used for the task.

Author: ```suggestion
* A unique identifier for the VDAF instance used for the task, including the type of measurement associated with the task.
```
